Add doc dir for Keptn 0.16 (#1228)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.x/operate/multi_cluster/index.md

  * Minimum [Cluster size](../k8s_support/#control-plane)

* **Keptn Execution plane**
  * The execution plane consists of all Keptn-services that are required to process all tasks (like deployment, test, etc.).
  * The execution plane is the cluster where you deploy your application too and execute certain tasks of a task sequence. 
  * Minimum [Cluster size](../k8s_support/#execution-plane)

## Create or bring two (or more) Kubernetes clusters

To operate Keptn in a multi-cluster setup, you need obviously at least two Kubernetes clusters:

1. One that runs Keptn as control plane
2. The second one that runs the execution-plane services for deploying, testing, executing remediation actions, etc.

To create a Kubernetes cluster, please follow the instructions [here](../install/#create-or-bring-a-kubernetes-cluster).

## Prerequisites

* [keptn CLI](../install/#install-keptn-cli)
* [helm CLI](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/)

## Install Keptn Control plane

The **Control Plane** of Keptn is responsible for orchestrating your processes for continuous delivery or automated operations.

> * Before starting the installation, make yourself familiar with the ways of exposing Keptn as explained [here](../install/#install-keptn). Then come back and continue installing Keptn control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before starting the installation, familiarize yourself with the ways of exposing Keptn as explained [here](../install/#install-keptn). Then come back and continue installing Keptn control plane.
```
